yyyyyyfp         styyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyp                fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyt                   syyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyfiyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yo    spoottoops        yyyyyi     siyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  fyf  syp   syyyyyyyy
f    p          ptyfo   oyyyi  pto  iisots siyyyfos styys   sip ip   ssoyyyispf
p      spooopp           yyyf    sofyp        ys       t     i  o       oyf  pi
p               ofi      yyyyyts     p  yyyy  p  iyyys  y  iyy  oy  pyt  i   yy
f     spooooops         oyyyt  oit   p  sii   i   tio  sy  otf  oy  pyyp    yyy
yo              so      yyyyfs      fp       iyyp     tyys   t  ty  oyyy   fyyy
yyt                   syyyyyyyyyyyyyyp  yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy    iyyyy
yyyyp                fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyip         styyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy


Thank you for your contribution to this Spotify software project. In order to
clarify the intellectual property rights in the project, and to grant licenses
to the project to others, Spotify, Inc. ("Spotify") requires that you accept
this Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement"). This license is for your
protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Spotify, its users,
and its licensees; you may still license your own Contributions under other
terms.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your
Contributions submitted to Spotify. Except for the license granted herein to
Spotify and recipients of software distributed by Spotify, You reserve all 
right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions. (If, however, you are 
a current or former employee of Spotify, your rights and/or Contributions may 
be governed by another agreement, and nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed as modifying the terms of any other such agreement.)

1. Definitions.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized
by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Spotify. For legal
entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered
to be a single Contributor.

    For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct
or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

    "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship or invention,
including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is
intentionally submitted by You to Spotify for inclusion in, or documentation
of, any of the products owned or managed by Spotify (the "Work").

    For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Spotify or its 
representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic
mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are
managed by, or on behalf of, Spotify for the purpose of discussing and
improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked
Or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
Spotify and to recipients of software distributed by Spotify a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright
license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works, as well
as the right to sublicense and have sublicensed all of the foregoing rights,
through multiple tiers of sublicensees.

3. Grant of Patent License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
Spotify and to recipients of software distributed by Spotify a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as
stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only
to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work
to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent
litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to
which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this
Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license.

If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that
includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to
make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived
such rights for your contributions to Spotify, or that your employer has 
executed with Spotify a separate contributor license agreement substantially
similar to this agreement.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation
(see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others)..

You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of
any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are
associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to
the extent You desire to provide support.

You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may 
submit it to Spotify separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete
details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but 
not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which
you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "not a
contribution. third-party materials licensed pursuant to: [LICENSE NAME(S)
HERE]" (substituting the bracketed text with the appropriate LICENSE NAME(S)).

8. You agree to notify Spotify of any facts or circumstances of which you 
become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
